browser-service/README.md, before:

# Browser Automation Service

Separate HTTP service for Playwright-based browser automation. Handles job scraping from Indeed and LinkedIn without the constraints of serverless environments.

## Architecture

This service exposes browser automation functionality via REST API, allowing the main Next.js app (deployed on Vercel) to offload Playwright execution to a dedicated service with proper browser support.

## Local Development

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 20+
- npm

### Setup

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

2. Install Playwright browsers:
```bash
npx playwright install chromium
```

3. Create `.env.local`:
```bash
cp .env.local.example .env.local
# Edit .env.local and set your API_KEY and SERP_API_KEY
```

4. Run the service:
```bash
npm run dev
```

The service will run on http://localhost:3001

### Testing

Test the health endpoint:
```bash
curl http://localhost:3001/health
```

Test Indeed search (requires API key):
```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:3001/api/search-indeed \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer test-key-12345" \
  -d '{"keywords":"frontend developer","location":"San Francisco"}'
```

## API Endpoints

All endpoints except `/health` require Bearer token authentication.

### GET /health
Health check endpoint.

**Response:**
```json
{
  "status": "ok",
  "service": "browser-automation",
  "timestamp": "2025-01-01T00:00:00.000Z"
}
```

### POST /api/search-serp
Search for jobs using the Google SERP API integration. Returns structured job opportunities sourced from Google Jobs along with
manual fallback results when the API is unavailable.

**Request:**
```json
{
  "keywords": "frontend developer",
  "location": "Remote",
  "experience_level": "mid",
  "remote": true
}
```

**Response:**
```json
{
  "success": true,
  "data": [
    {
      "id": "serp_1700000000000_0",
      "title": "Frontend Developer",
      "company": "Tech Corp",
      "location": "Remote",
      "application_url": "https://www.example.com/job/apply",
      "source": "google",
      "status": "discovered",
      "created_at": "2025-01-01T00:00:00.000Z"
    }
  ]
}
```

### POST /api/search-indeed
Search for jobs on Indeed.com.

**Request:**
```json
{
  "keywords": "frontend developer",
  "location": "San Francisco",
  "experience_level": "mid",
  "remote": true
}
```

**Response:**
```json
{
  "success": true,
  "data": [/* JobOpportunity[] */]
}
```

### POST /api/search-google
Search for jobs on Google Jobs (aggregated from multiple sources).

**Request:**
```json
{
  "keywords": "frontend developer",
  "location": "San Francisco",
  "experience_level": "mid",
  "remote": true
}
```

**Response:**
```json
{
  "success": true,
  "data": [/* JobOpportunity[] */]
}
```

### POST /api/search-linkedin
Search for jobs on LinkedIn (requires authenticated session).

**Request:**
```json
{
  "keywords": "frontend developer",
  "location": "San Francisco",
  "experience_level": "mid",
  "remote": true,
  "userId": "user-123"
}
```

**Response:**
```json
{
  "success": true,
  "data": [/* JobOpportunity[] */]
}
```

### POST /api/job-details
Get detailed information about a specific job.

**Request:**
```json
{
  "job_url": "https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=..."
}
```

**Response:**
```json
{
  "success": true,
  "data": {
    "description": "...",
    "skills": ["JavaScript", "React", "TypeScript"],
    "salary": "$120k - $160k",
    "application_url": "..."
  }
}
```

### POST /api/apply-to-job
Apply to a job using user profile data.

**Request:**
```json
{
  "job_url": "https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=...",
  "user_profile": {
    "personal_info": {
      "name": "John Doe",
      "email": "john@example.com",
      "phone": "555-1234",
      "location": "San Francisco, CA"
    }
  }
}
```

**Response:**
```json
{
  "success": true,
  "data": {
    "success": true,
    "message": "Application submitted successfully",
    "details": {}
  }
}
```

## Production Deployment

### Railway

1. Push to GitHub:
```bash
git init
git add .
git commit -m "Initial browser service"
git remote add origin <your-repo-url>
git push -u origin main
```

2. Deploy on Railway:
   - Go to https://railway.app
   - "New Project" → "Deploy from GitHub repo"
   - Select this repo
   - Railway auto-detects Dockerfile
   - Add environment variables:
     - `API_KEY=<secure-random-key>`
     - `SERP_API_KEY=<serp-api-key>`
   - Deploy!

3. Configure persistent storage (for LinkedIn sessions):
   - In Railway dashboard → Variables
   - Add volume mount: `/app/linkedin-sessions`

4. Get deployment URL:
   - Railway generates: `https://your-app.up.railway.app`

### Environment Variables

- `API_KEY`: Authentication key for API requests (required)
- `SERP_API_KEY`: Google SERP API key used for Google Jobs integration (required for `/api/search-serp`)
- `PORT`: Port to run the service on (default: 3001)
- `NODE_ENV`: Environment mode (development/production)

## LinkedIn Session Management

LinkedIn requires authentication. On first LinkedIn search for a user:
1. Browser will open in non-headless mode (local dev)
2. Manually log in to LinkedIn
3. Session is saved to `./linkedin-sessions/{userId}-linkedin.json`
4. Subsequent requests reuse the session

**Note:** In production, ensure the `linkedin-sessions` directory is on persistent storage (Railway volume).

## Debugging

View logs:
```bash
# Local
npm run dev

# Railway
railway logs
```

Common issues:
- **401 Unauthorized**: Check API_KEY matches between service and client
- **LinkedIn login required**: Session expired, need to re-authenticate
- **Selector not found**: Job board HTML changed, update selectors in browser-tools.ts

## Security

- Always use strong, random API keys
- Rotate API keys periodically
- Consider adding rate limiting for production
- Never commit `.env.local` or session files to git

## Cost Estimate

Railway hosting:
- Free tier: 500 hours/month (sufficient for testing)
- Production: $5-10/month for 1GB RAM instance

Commit message:

Update job search tools and enhance chat activity display
- Added SERPAPI_API_KEY environment variable requirement for job search functionality.
- Refactored job search tools to utilize SerpAPI and Remotive APIs for job discovery, replacing previous methods.
- Updated job search descriptions in the browser tools to reflect new API-based functionality.
- Enhanced activity display configuration to provide clearer context for job search activities in the chat interface.
- Improved handling of job results in the chat components, ensuring better user experience during job searches.

These changes streamline the job search process and improve the clarity of tool activities in the chat, enhancing overall user engagement.

browser-service/README.md, after:

# Browser Automation Service

Separate HTTP service for API-based job search and Playwright-based browser automation for job applications. Uses SerpAPI and Remotive APIs for job discovery, with browser automation only for applying to jobs on company websites.

## Architecture

This service provides:
- **API-based job search** using SerpAPI (Google Jobs) and Remotive API
- **Browser automation** for applying to jobs on company websites (not for job search)
- REST API allowing the main Next.js app to offload browser automation to a dedicated service

## Local Development

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 20+
- npm

### Setup

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

2. Install Playwright browsers:
```bash
npx playwright install chromium
```

3. Create `.env.local`:
```bash
cp .env.local.example .env.local
# Edit .env.local and set your API_KEY and SERP_API_KEY
```

4. Run the service:
```bash
npm run dev
```

The service will run on http://localhost:3001

### Testing

Test the health endpoint:
```bash
curl http://localhost:3001/health
```

Test Indeed search (requires API key):
```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:3001/api/search-indeed \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer test-key-12345" \
  -d '{"keywords":"frontend developer","location":"San Francisco"}'
```

## API Endpoints

All endpoints except `/health` require Bearer token authentication.

### GET /health
Health check endpoint.

**Response:**
```json
{
  "status": "ok",
  "service": "browser-automation",
  "timestamp": "2025-01-01T00:00:00.000Z"
}
```

### POST /api/search-serp
Search for jobs using the Google SERP API integration. Returns structured job opportunities sourced from Google Jobs along with
manual fallback results when the API is unavailable.

**Request:**
```json
{
  "keywords": "frontend developer",
  "location": "Remote",
  "experience_level": "mid",
  "remote": true
}
```

**Response:**
```json
{
  "success": true,
  "data": [
    {
      "id": "serp_1700000000000_0",
      "title": "Frontend Developer",
      "company": "Tech Corp",
      "location": "Remote",
      "application_url": "https://www.example.com/job/apply",
      "source": "google",
      "status": "discovered",
      "created_at": "2025-01-01T00:00:00.000Z"
    }
  ]
}
```

### POST /api/search-indeed
Search for jobs on Indeed.com.

**Request:**
```json
{
  "keywords": "frontend developer",
  "location": "San Francisco",
  "experience_level": "mid",
  "remote": true
}
```

**Response:**
```json
{
  "success": true,
  "data": [/* JobOpportunity[] */]
}
```

### POST /api/search-google
Search for jobs on Google Jobs (aggregated from multiple sources).

**Request:**
```json
{
  "keywords": "frontend developer",
  "location": "San Francisco",
  "experience_level": "mid",
  "remote": true
}
```

**Response:**
```json
{
  "success": true,
  "data": [/* JobOpportunity[] */]
}
```

### POST /api/search-linkedin
Search for jobs on LinkedIn (requires authenticated session).

**Request:**
```json
{
  "keywords": "frontend developer",
  "location": "San Francisco",
  "experience_level": "mid",
  "remote": true,
  "userId": "user-123"
}
```

**Response:**
```json
{
  "success": true,
  "data": [/* JobOpportunity[] */]
}
```

### POST /api/job-details
Get detailed information about a specific job.

**Request:**
```json
{
  "job_url": "https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=..."
}
```

**Response:**
```json
{
  "success": true,
  "data": {
    "description": "...",
    "skills": ["JavaScript", "React", "TypeScript"],
    "salary": "$120k - $160k",
    "application_url": "..."
  }
}
```

### POST /api/apply-to-job
Apply to a job using user profile data.

**Request:**
```json
{
  "job_url": "https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=...",
  "user_profile": {
    "personal_info": {
      "name": "John Doe",
      "email": "john@example.com",
      "phone": "555-1234",
      "location": "San Francisco, CA"
    }
  }
}
```

**Response:**
```json
{
  "success": true,
  "data": {
    "success": true,
    "message": "Application submitted successfully",
    "details": {}
  }
}
```

## Production Deployment

### Railway

1. Push to GitHub:
```bash
git init
git add .
git commit -m "Initial browser service"
git remote add origin <your-repo-url>
git push -u origin main
```

2. Deploy on Railway:
   - Go to https://railway.app
   - "New Project" → "Deploy from GitHub repo"
   - Select this repo
   - Railway auto-detects Dockerfile
   - Add environment variables:
     - `API_KEY=<secure-random-key>`
     - `SERP_API_KEY=<serp-api-key>`
   - Deploy!

3. Configure persistent storage (for LinkedIn sessions):
   - In Railway dashboard → Variables
   - Add volume mount: `/app/linkedin-sessions`

4. Get deployment URL:
   - Railway generates: `https://your-app.up.railway.app`

### Environment Variables

- `API_KEY`: Authentication key for API requests (required)
- `SERP_API_KEY`: Google SERP API key used for Google Jobs integration (required for `/api/search-serp`)
- `PORT`: Port to run the service on (default: 3001)
- `NODE_ENV`: Environment mode (development/production)

## LinkedIn Session Management

LinkedIn requires authentication. On first LinkedIn search for a user:
1. Browser will open in non-headless mode (local dev)
2. Manually log in to LinkedIn
3. Session is saved to `./linkedin-sessions/{userId}-linkedin.json`
4. Subsequent requests reuse the session

**Note:** In production, ensure the `linkedin-sessions` directory is on persistent storage (Railway volume).

## Debugging

View logs:
```bash
# Local
npm run dev

# Railway
railway logs
```

Common issues:
- **401 Unauthorized**: Check API_KEY matches between service and client
- **LinkedIn login required**: Session expired, need to re-authenticate
- **Selector not found**: Job board HTML changed, update selectors in browser-tools.ts

## Security

- Always use strong, random API keys
- Rotate API keys periodically
- Consider adding rate limiting for production
- Never commit `.env.local` or session files to git

## Cost Estimate

Railway hosting:
- Free tier: 500 hours/month (sufficient for testing)
- Production: $5-10/month for 1GB RAM instance
